chore(ci): add comment for pr template (#699)
deckhouse/virtualization: CONTRIBUTING.md

>   # Maintaining, improving code quality and development workflow.
>   - ci

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Maintaining, improving code quality and development workflow.
  - ci
  
  # Maintaining, improving documentation.
  - docs

  # Network related changes important for end-user.
  - network  
```

  - _feat/disks/support-new-image-source_
  - _chore/ci/speed-up-builds_

### Changes Block

When submitting a pull request, include a **changes block** to document modifications for the changelog. This block helps automate the release changelog creation, tracks updates, and prepares release notes.

#### Format

The changes block consists of YAML documents, each detailing a specific change. Use the following structure:

````
```changes
section: <affected-section>
type: <feature|fix|chore>
summary: <Concise description of the change.>
impact_level: <low|high>  # Optional
impact: |
  <Detailed impact description if impact_level is high>
```
````

#### Fields Description

>   - **section**: (Required) Specifies the part of the project affected. Use kebab-case of allowed section. For multiple affected sections, provide multiple changes blocks. For the list of allowed sections, see [here](https://github.com/deckhouse/virtualization/blob/main/.github/actions/milestone-changelog/action.yml#L28).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **section**: (Required) Specifies the affected scope of the project. Should be in kebab-case, choose one of [available scopes](#scope). If PR affects multiple scopes, add change block for each scope.
```
